SDD/index.md, before:

---
layout: Document
---
# Software Design Document

***Content Table***

1. Introduction
   1. [Content Table](ContentTable)
   2. [System Purpose](SystemPurpose)
   3. [Design Goals](DesignGoals)
   4. [Definitions](Definitions)
   5. [References](References)
   6. [Overview](Overview)
2. [Current Software Architecture](CurrentSoftwareArchitecture)
3. [Proposed Software Architecture](ProposedSoftwareArchitecture)
   1. [Overview](Overview)
   2. [Subsystem Decomposition](SubsystemDecomposition)
   3. [Hardware to Software Mapping](HardwareToSoftwareMapping)
   4. [Persistent Data Management](PersistentDataManagement)
   5. [Access Control and Security](AccessControlAndSecurity)
   6. [Global Software Control](GlobalSoftwareControl)
   7. [Boundary Conditions](BoundaryConditions)
4. [Subsystem Services](SubsystemServices)
5. [Glossary](Glossary)

## License

***This template is not copyrighted, this is just an example license. Use a semicolon to separate author names.***

Copyright ©2022 [AStartup™](https://astartup.net); all rights reserved, public display prohibited, unauthorized use prohibited, contains trade secrets and other confidential materials, licensed under the Kabuki Strong Source-closed License that YOU MUST CONSENT TO at <https://github.com/AStarStartup/AStartupToolkit>.

Commit message:

Replace license markdown section with HTML {% comment %}{% endcomment %} license. #13

SDD/index.md, after:

---
layout: Default
title: Software Design Document
---

***Content Table***

1. Introduction
   1. [Content Table](ContentTable)
   2. [System Purpose](SystemPurpose)
   3. [Design Goals](DesignGoals)
   4. [Definitions](Definitions)
   5. [References](References)
   6. [Overview](Overview)
2. [Current Software Architecture](CurrentSoftwareArchitecture)
3. [Proposed Software Architecture](ProposedSoftwareArchitecture)
   1. [Overview](Overview)
   2. [Subsystem Decomposition](SubsystemDecomposition)
   3. [Hardware to Software Mapping](HardwareToSoftwareMapping)
   4. [Persistent Data Management](PersistentDataManagement)
   5. [Access Control and Security](AccessControlAndSecurity)
   6. [Global Software Control](GlobalSoftwareControl)
   7. [Boundary Conditions](BoundaryConditions)
4. [Subsystem Services](SubsystemServices)
5. [Glossary](Glossary)

{% comment %}Copyright ©2022 [AStartup](https://astartup.net)™; all rights reserved, public display prohibited, unauthorized use prohibited, contains trade secrets and other confidential materials, licensed under the Kabuki Strong Source-closed License that YOU MUST CONSENT TO at <https://github.com/AStarStartup/AStartupToolkit>. {% endcomment %}

### Legal Agreement

This source code form is confidential and is covered under the Kabuki Strong Source-closed License. The source code form contains intellectual property, trade secrets, copyrighted material, and other protected works, refereed to as the Writings and Discoveries, that are the property of Your Company Name. Public display of the Writings and Discoveries is prohibited. Unauthorized possession of the IP is theft and may not purchase a license to use the Writings and Discoveries. By using the Writings and Discoveries to you hereby consent to the terms and conditions of this license, and you are prohibited from any further use to the Writings and Discoveries.

### Template Agreement

This is a template intended for you to turn into your own copyright so disregard the copyright notices, just find and replace all references to AStartup™ with your name, delete this section, and all derived works are your copyright. This template uses the [Kabuki Strong Source-closed License](https://github.com/KabukiStarship/KabukiLicenses). There are also the Kabuki Strong Source-available license, Kabuki Weak Source-available license, and Kabuki Weak Source-closed license for that give you better copyright protection from things like public display and open-source theft than traditional open-source licenses like MIT, GNU, etc.
